The results of the first parameter identification including PK data after single dose administration (see section [2.1](## 2.1 Modeling Strategy)) described the observed PK reasonably. However, since no PK data following IV administration was available, a moderate correlation was observed between the fitted dissolution time (50% dissolved) and GFR fraction. PK profiles in fed state were generally well described, while the model overestimated Cmax in fasted state. Since atazanavir must be taken with food, the overestimation of Cmax in fasted state was considered inconsequential for further model applications which encompassed all fed state PK.

As described in section [2.1](## 2.1 Modeling Strategy), the second parameter identification was conducted in the basis of PK data after single and multiple dose administration and included autoinhibition of CYP3A4-mediated clearance. An attempt to fix k_kinact_half to a very high value (100 µmol/L) to ensure linear inhibition kinetics while fitting k_inact and the GFR faction resulted in a slightly worse description of the observed PK in the terminal phase. Hence, both k_kinact_half and k_inact were fitted together with the GFR fraction. This resulted in a strong correlation between the former two parameters, but also in a reduction of the total error from 4.76 (k_kinact_half fixed to 100 µmol/L) to 3.55 (k_kinact_half fitted). Furthermore, the introduction of irreversible CYP3A4 inhibition led to a slightly worse description of clearance of the single dose PK data. Due to the lack of data from in vitro studies, neither of the two parameters could be fixed to observed values, though, and it was decided to both fit k_kinact_half and k_inact. Results showed that the observed PK profiles were in adequate agreement with the simulated PK, although the PK after administration of the lowest and highest dose (200 and 800 mg) was somewhat less accurately described. Importantly, the PK after administration of 300 mg and 400 mg - the only two approved doses - could be adequately captured, though. 